[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: I apologize if it got
a little muddy cuz I started my brain
down a different way of solving this and
I got you confused so
hopefully we backed up
the stack enough to show this.
But the point that I want to get across
is that the expression with a reduce, and
we could've taken care of this part with
a map but we chose to back that part out.
I was going too far down
to the complication tree.
But a single reduce here replaces
the complexities of recursion or
iteration forms just simply
knowing how to use that tool.
It's like if you walk into a workshop and
I've got a hammer in one hand and
a mallet in the other.
They both fundamentally can
be used to swing things and
drive some nail-looking object in, but
you're gonna use a mallet differently
than you're gonna use a hammer.
You're gonna use them for
different kinds of nails.
So that's the distinction
we're making here.
We're not talking about the difference
between a hammer and a screwdriver.
We're talking about the difference
between a hammer and a mallet.
Recursion was an equally
reasonable solution, but
the way we ended up expressing it,
might've twisted some brains.
I hope that what I'm showing you here is
being able to use functional programming
oftentimes can give us also a graceful
solution, even when recursion doesn't give
us a graceful solution.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: Someone still wants you to
kind of explain, he doesn't understand
why the first value had to be removed?
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, look,
let's not do it, okay?
If that helps.
We're gonna do a reduction
across the entire array, but
we need a good suitable initial value.
So, tell me what my good suitable initial
value is going to be for arithmetic sum.
It's gotta be zero, but
I can't just pass in zero because
everything else here is functions.
So I have to pass in a function that will
produce zero which is how I call foo(0).
Okay, so if that works a little
bit better with your brain.
I feel weirder about that solution
which is why I didn't lead with it.
It feels weird to me to
create a function only for
the purposes of returning a zero.
>> Speaker 3: What I think is that some
things get misaligned when you started
applying map, that my brain sort of, okay,
this is what we're doing now.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah.
That's why I took the map back out cuz I
realized I was going down the wrong route.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Kyle Simpson: So that was my fault for
confusing you.
>> Speaker 3: Didn't quite reset
enough right now.
>> Kyle Simpson: Apologize for
the confusion.
Trying to pop the stat back to look at
I could delete the file and start over.
We're trying to pop the stat back to
thinking about passing this in as a list
of functions,
rather than as a list of values.
>> Kyle Simpson: I
just got myself one step ahead cuz our
next step is going to be to generalize
this where I can start out
with a list of values.
But I wasn't supposed to do the map so
early.
So, my fault.
Apologies.
Does this one, perhaps, make more sense?
This expression of it where we're
not doing a slice off the array but
we do need an initial value.
So here's how I produce my initial value.
This'll work exactly the same
way if I pop this out,
drop this in, still gonna end up with 181.
Fundamentally, we ended up with
one extra function call there
cuz we made a function call for a zero.
When in reality,
we don't even actually need that.
We know the properties of our problem are
that the initial value really could just
start out as the beginning of the list.
>> Speaker 4: And
more than one function call because
it also does another iteration.
You call foo and then there's an.
Anyway, that alphabet function call-
>> Kyle Simpson: All right,
I'll take your word for it rather
than going down the rabbit trail.
I've probably already confused
everybody enough, so I apologize.
[LAUGH]
>> Kyle Simpson: Anymore
questions about the reduce?
Did on the livestream, on the chat
did we answer those questions about
the difference in solution?
>> Speaker 5: They're saying good there.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay.
>> Kyle Simpson: Some people
are saying that their browser may
not have the ES6 features turned on.
So if your browser doesn't have
the ability to do the dot, dot, dot,
take that part out and just put a bracket
around that list and it'll work the same
way.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay.
>> Kyle Simpson: All right, so now,
we get to where I was
gonna talk about map.
I just did it too early.
So now, if I start out with a list
of functions, that's great.
But if I start out with a list of values,
and I want to pump those things into
an add in, add in is expecting a list
of functions, not a list of values.
So if I started out with a list of 10,
42, 56, and 73, how do I make that
into a list of functions?
>> Speaker 4: Map them to the foo?
>> Kyle Simpson: I map it with foo.
[LAUGH] You see why foo is
a suitable predicate for us?
Look at the foo function.
What does it do?
>> Kyle Simpson: It receives a value and
it transforms that value by what?
Wrapping it in a closed over function.
That's a valid transformation for a value.
It's to wrap it in a function
that produces that volume.
So that's why foo is a suitable
transformation predicate for us.
So, we would now have,
at the end of that, an array of functions.
So, that value,
could be passed into add m.
And that's where I was actually trying to
go earlier.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay?
That's a suitable array.
And because that's an array,
we can either take that dot-dot-dot off or
leave that one there if we want to and
simply spread that array out.
Either way.
>> Kyle Simpson: You're
not always gonna be control,
in control of all the signatures,
of all the functions you work with.
So part of the point that I'm trying to
make here is that there are facilities
available to us to make the adaptations
between different signatures.